readme.md, before:

# FoundryVTT - Token Action HUD Forbidden Lands
![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/sp0ken/token-action-hud-forbidden-lands?style=for-the-badge) 
![GitHub Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/sp0ken/token-action-hud-forbidden-lands/latest/module.zip?style=for-the-badge) 
![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/sp0ken/token-action-hud-forbidden-lands/module.zip?style=for-the-badge&label=Downloads+total)    

Token Action HUD Forbidden Lands is a repositionable HUD of actions for a selected token configured for the Forbidden Lands system.

# Features
- Make rolls directly from the HUD instead of opening your character sheet.
- Use items from the HUD or right-click an item to open its sheet.
- Move the HUD and choose to expand the menus up or down.
- Unlock the HUD to customise layout and groups per user, and actions per actor.
- Add your own macros, journal entries and roll table compendiums.

# Installation

## Method 1
1. On Foundry VTT's **Configuration and Setup** screen, go to **Add-on Modules**
2. Click **Install Module**
3. Search for **Token Action HUD Forbidden Lands** 
4. Click **Install** next to the module listing

## Method 2
1. On Foundry VTT's **Configuration and Setup** screen, go to **Add-on Modules**
2. Click **Install Module**
3. In the Manifest URL field, paste: `https://github.com/sp0ken/fvtt-token-action-hud-forbidden-lands/releases/latest/download/module.json`
4. Click **Install** next to the pasted Manifest URL

## Required Modules

**IMPORTANT** - Token Action HUD Forbidden Lands requires the [Token Action HUD Core](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/token-action-hud-core) module to be installed.

## Recommended Modules
Token Action HUD uses the [Color Picker](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/color-picker) library module for its color picker settings.

# Support

For a guide on using Token Action HUD, go to: [How to Use Token Action HUD](https://github.com/Larkinabout/fvtt-token-action-hud-core/wiki/How-to-Use-Token-Action-HUD)

For questions, feature requests or bug reports, please open an issue [here](https://github.com/Larkinabout/fvtt-token-action-hud-core/issues).

Pull requests are welcome. Please include a reason for the request or create an issue before starting one.

# Acknowledgements

* Thanks to Russell (@Larkinabout) for creating the [Token Action HUD Core](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/token-action-hud-core)!
* Thank you to the Community Helpers on Foundry's Discord who provide tireless support for people seeking help with the HUD.
* Thank you to @aMediocreDad and all the other contributors for the [Forbidden Lands system](https://github.com/fvtt-fria-ligan/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt)

# License

This Foundry VTT module is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) and this work is licensed under [Foundry Virtual Tabletop EULA - Limited License Agreement for module development](https://foundryvtt.com/article/license/).

Commit message:

Add `parry` and `disarm` actions for weapons

readme.md, after:

# FoundryVTT - Token Action HUD Forbidden Lands
![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/sp0ken/token-action-hud-forbidden-lands?style=for-the-badge) 
![GitHub Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/sp0ken/token-action-hud-forbidden-lands/latest/module.zip?style=for-the-badge) 
![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/sp0ken/token-action-hud-forbidden-lands/module.zip?style=for-the-badge&label=Downloads+total)    

Token Action HUD Forbidden Lands is a repositionable HUD of actions for a selected token configured for the Forbidden Lands system.

# Features
- Make rolls directly from the HUD instead of opening your character sheet.
- Use items from the HUD or right-click an item to open its sheet.
	- On equipped weapons, `shift-click` triggers a parry and `alt-click` a disarm action.
- Move the HUD and choose to expand the menus up or down.
- Unlock the HUD to customise layout and groups per user, and actions per actor.
- Add your own macros, journal entries and roll table compendiums.

# Installation

## Method 1
1. On Foundry VTT's **Configuration and Setup** screen, go to **Add-on Modules**
2. Click **Install Module**
3. Search for **Token Action HUD Forbidden Lands** 
4. Click **Install** next to the module listing

## Method 2
1. On Foundry VTT's **Configuration and Setup** screen, go to **Add-on Modules**
2. Click **Install Module**
3. In the Manifest URL field, paste: `https://github.com/sp0ken/fvtt-token-action-hud-forbidden-lands/releases/latest/download/module.json`
4. Click **Install** next to the pasted Manifest URL

## Required Modules

**IMPORTANT** - Token Action HUD Forbidden Lands requires the [Token Action HUD Core](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/token-action-hud-core) module to be installed.

## Recommended Modules
Token Action HUD uses the [Color Picker](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/color-picker) library module for its color picker settings.

# Support

For a guide on using Token Action HUD, go to: [How to Use Token Action HUD](https://github.com/Larkinabout/fvtt-token-action-hud-core/wiki/How-to-Use-Token-Action-HUD)

For questions, feature requests or bug reports, please open an issue [here](https://github.com/Larkinabout/fvtt-token-action-hud-core/issues).

Pull requests are welcome. Please include a reason for the request or create an issue before starting one.

# Acknowledgements

* Thanks to Russell (@Larkinabout) for creating the [Token Action HUD Core](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/token-action-hud-core)!
* Thank you to the Community Helpers on Foundry's Discord who provide tireless support for people seeking help with the HUD.
* Thank you to @aMediocreDad and all the other contributors for the [Forbidden Lands system](https://github.com/fvtt-fria-ligan/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt)

# License

This Foundry VTT module is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) and this work is licensed under [Foundry Virtual Tabletop EULA - Limited License Agreement for module development](https://foundryvtt.com/article/license/).
